---
title: Version 1.2.0 + The coming server wipe!
createdAt: 2025-01-23T00:00:01
---

**New Features in 1.2.0:**

- Push notifications! This version includes full support for end-to-end encrypted web push notifications. Works best on mobile as a [PWA](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Guides/Installing). Please see [our blog](https://groupincome.org/blog/) for this release for more details and caveats about push notifications, especially on iOS.
- Push notifications are now used for important in-group events and reminders.
- You can now change your password!
- Image compression: uploaded images will take up a maximum of ~400KB each to speed up loading times and save server space.
- Image viewer now supports left/right arrow keys to switch between multiple image attachments.
- Chat file attachments now show their size.
- You can now use the paste feature to add an image attachment.
- Mobile: `<enter>` key creates newline instead of sending message
- Chelonia now runs in a service worker to support push notifications and better state management with multiple open tabs.

**Bugfixes**

- Prevent accidental creation of multiple DMs.
- Fixed rendering of payment table rows.
- Fixes for forced-color mode.
- Fixed remaining issues related to showing not-logged-in users under group inactivity.
- "See proposal" link should always lead to proposal.
- Fixed chat auto-scroll issue.
- Fixed various markdown rendering bugs in chat.
- Miscellaneous bug fixes.

**Improvements**

- Added download/delete buttons to the image viewer.
- Emojis rendered slightly larger in chat now.
- Increased the maximum length of payment details to support long Lightning payment addresses.
- Various UI/UX improvements. See the 1.2.0 release [here](https://github.com/okTurtles/group-income/releases) for a complete list.

Congratulations to [@Vayras](https://github.com/Vayras) on making their first contribution to the project!

**Server Wipe Coming in Version 2.0!**

Version 2.0 is coming soon, and with it some major backwards-incompatible changes to the internals of Group Income. We will be forced to wipe all data on the groupincome.app site. Therefore, **please backup** any important data before the release to your computer. We will host a temporary backup site where users will be able to access their data for a period of time after the new version launches.'
