README.md, before:

# Group income

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Group income project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```
├── public/
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   ├── layouts/
│   └── pages/
├── astro.config.mjs
├── README.md
├── package.json
└── tsconfig.json
```

Astro (the buildingframework), looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where we like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                | Action                                           |
| :--------------------- | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`          | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`      |
| `npm run build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## 👀 Want to learn more?

Check out [our documentation](https://docs.astro.build) or jump into our [Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).

## Credit

This theme is based off of the lovely [Bear Blog](https://github.com/HermanMartinus/bearblog/).

Commit message:

Add instructions to README, and update link on Get Started page

README.md, after:

# Group income

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Group income project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```
├── public/
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   ├── layouts/
│   └── pages/
├── astro.config.mjs
├── README.md
├── package.json
└── tsconfig.json
```

Astro (the buildingframework), looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where we like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                | Action                                           |
| :--------------------- | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`          | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`      |
| `npm run build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## Instructions on how to run your own server
The archive file contains a dist/ folder that needs to be placed into a copy of this cloned repo. Then you can serve it using grunt serve. On a production site, you should to use these environment variables:

```
NODE_ENV=production
GI_PERSIST=sqlite (or GI_PERSIST=fs, but sqlite is recommended)
```

We plan to eventually publish some docker containers that will do all of this for you.


## 👀 Want to learn more?

Check out [our documentation](https://docs.astro.build) or jump into our [Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).

## Credit

This theme is based off of the lovely [Bear Blog](https://github.com/HermanMartinus/bearblog/).
