src/posts/2023-prototype-ready.md, before:

---
title: The Prototype Is Ready
description: It's been quite a journey, but we're finally here. A 'new kind of software' is ready for testing. If you have a group of friends/family that's interested...
author: Greg Slepak
date: June 8, 2023
isoDate: '2023-06-08T07:00:00+00:00'
pubDate: '2023-06-08T07:00:00+00:00'
layout: "../layouts/BlogPost.astro"
id: 1539
guid: 'https://groupincome.org/?p=1539'
permalink: /2023/06/the-prototype-is-ready/
noImage: true
categories:
    - Uncategorized
---
It's been quite a journey, but we're finally here. A [new kind of software](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I381R5_joLE&list=PLRcgABNc9s2R3gSfRG7jHzb4giQdxaDB7&index=3) is ready for testing.

If you have a group of friends/family that's interested in supporting one another using monetary and non-monetary means, you're a perfect fit to try out the Group Income prototype, and we want to hear from you!

### What makes Group Income unique

- Group Income is a simple tool to calculate and distribute a minimum income for a group of friends.
- A voluntary approach that provides a social safety net that requires no political campaigning.
- Use any currency you'd like — cryptocurrency, fiat, it doesn't matter.
- Empowers people to become the change they want to see in the world.
- Helps individuals buffer each other against life catastrophes in societies with poorly functioning social safety nets.
- Gives people more freedom to experiment with new, innovative ideas without taking on massive debt.
- Powered by [a fundamentally different non-Big Tech software architecture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I381R5_joLE&list=PLRcgABNc9s2R3gSfRG7jHzb4giQdxaDB7&index=3) that supports a federated approach.[note]We will be releasing this publicly so that anyone can create apps like Group Income. Follow our <a href="/community">socials</a> / <a href="https://okturtles.us4.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=bacb6eb127dd649ee5a8ff399&id=707996fda6">email list</a> to know when it's released![/note] Think [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org/)/[@-protocol](https://atproto.com/) but end-to-end encrypted[note]The beta will have encryption disabled. End-to-end encryption is working for 80% of the app's features. We are putting on the final touches.[/note] and smart-contract based (no blockchains required).
- No eyeballs or biometrics needed!  👁🙅‍♂️ Sybil-attacks are impossible thanks to its design (more on this in a future blog post!)

### 🚨 How To Apply 🙋‍♂️🙋‍♀️

👉 Fill out **[this form](https://cryptpad.fr/form/#/2/form/view/n9QRSIXMUAngi--YTM7ne5SPRsonKJtV-fezUPGocUs/)** and click "Submit". 👈

### What's Next For Group Income

This week we will be in Chicago demoing Group Income to attendees of [the BIG Conference](https://www.thebigconference.org/). If you're there in person you'll have the opportunity to try out Group Income first-hand.

And in two weeks we will be announcing and presenting our end-to-end encrypted, decentralized protocol at the [DWeb Camp 2023](https://dwebcamp.org/), so get your tickets now! 😄

Commit message:

add screenshot / figure out how to add footnotes

src/posts/2023-prototype-ready.md, after:

---
title: The Prototype Is Ready
description: It's been quite a journey, but we're finally here. A 'new kind of software' is ready for testing. If you have a group of friends/family that's interested...
author: Greg Slepak
date: June 8, 2023
image: '/images/blog/groupincome-screenshot.png'
isoDate: '2023-06-08T07:00:00+00:00'
pubDate: '2023-06-08T07:00:00+00:00'
layout: "../layouts/BlogPost.astro"
id: 1539
guid: 'https://groupincome.org/?p=1539'
permalink: /2023/06/the-prototype-is-ready/
categories:
    - Uncategorized
---
It's been quite a journey, but we're finally here. A [new kind of software](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I381R5_joLE&list=PLRcgABNc9s2R3gSfRG7jHzb4giQdxaDB7&index=3) is ready for testing.

If you have a group of friends/family that's interested in supporting one another using monetary and non-monetary means, you're a perfect fit to try out the Group Income prototype, and we want to hear from you!

### What makes Group Income unique

- Group Income is a simple tool to calculate and distribute a minimum income for a group of friends.
- A voluntary approach that provides a social safety net that requires no political campaigning.
- Use any currency you'd like — cryptocurrency, fiat, it doesn't matter.
- Empowers people to become the change they want to see in the world.
- Helps individuals buffer each other against life catastrophes in societies with poorly functioning social safety nets.
- Gives people more freedom to experiment with new, innovative ideas without taking on massive debt.
- Powered by [a fundamentally different non-Big Tech software architecture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I381R5_joLE&list=PLRcgABNc9s2R3gSfRG7jHzb4giQdxaDB7&index=3) that supports a federated approach.[^1] Think [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org/)/[@-protocol](https://atproto.com/) but end-to-end encrypted[^2] and smart-contract based (no blockchains required).
- No eyeballs or biometrics needed!  👁🙅‍♂️ Sybil-attacks are impossible thanks to its design (more on this in a future blog post!)

[^1]: We will be releasing this publicly so that anyone can create apps like Group Income. Follow our <a href="https://groupincome.org/community/" target="_blank">socials</a> / <a href="https://okturtles.us4.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=bacb6eb127dd649ee5a8ff399&id=707996fda6" target="_blank">email list</a> to know when it's released!

[^2]: The beta will have encryption disabled. End-to-end encryption is working for 80% of the app's features. We are putting on the final touches.

### 🚨 How To Apply 🙋‍♂️🙋‍♀️

👉 Fill out **[this form](https://cryptpad.fr/form/#/2/form/view/n9QRSIXMUAngi--YTM7ne5SPRsonKJtV-fezUPGocUs/)** and click "Submit". 👈

### What's Next For Group Income

This week we will be in Chicago demoing Group Income to attendees of [the BIG Conference](https://www.thebigconference.org/). If you're there in person you'll have the opportunity to try out Group Income first-hand.

And in two weeks we will be announcing and presenting our end-to-end encrypted, decentralized protocol at the [DWeb Camp 2023](https://dwebcamp.org/), so get your tickets now! 😄
